Smallissuesresolved (#162)
Arklaide/devopsITUproject: METRICS.md

# Devops Group I - Metrics
## CPU load during the last hour/the last day.
1. Digital Ocean has great insights to the load on the cpu, which can be traced back to the last 14 days:
https://cloud.digitalocean.com/droplets/296029286/graphs?i=d9db54&period=hour    

> 2. Very insteresting fr the operations, to see if they need to increase the size of their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Very interesting for the operation/devops team to see if they need to increase the size of their servers
```

## Average response time of your application's front page.

> https://tools.pingdom.com/#601961e3c0800000

Reviewer: Also test via e.g. chrome dev tool lighthouse, such that we actually load all the resources
